Yep.
So let's quickly see this a follow up problem.
What if the values are repeating?
That means it means now it won't be a problem.
But we can see even a similarity of non-negative integers reminding us of zero very exist with some
ecosystem services.
What you can say is if I if I'm finding a particular subset of data, but to that those values could
be repeated.
That means this tool can be taken multiple number of times.
Similarly, the seven can be taken multiple number of times, even zero eight.
That means these values are now repeating.
That means I have an finite supply of these values.
I just have to tell whether it is possible to make a particular some or not.
Some of you might be doing really approaches in this, but it won't always work.
So for example, we saw that for destroying data.
We got false statements on trendiness not possible with this particular rate.
If I have to just pick one subset but not tell me if the numbers are repeating, that means I can pick
to any number of them and this tornado should be possible.
So.
Simple.
Let's see.
Our state remains the same.
Tell me if the.
If I have the x eddie and dismissed it, it is possible or not to make some will do.
But.
But what options do the next?
Eliminate have no last option is it will exclude.
Let me read the exclusion list.
So if it will exclude from the area, it will never come.
That means it is simple.
It's nothing.
But tell me if something is possible.
From the remaining x minus one element that Candace lets, it is included.
But now there's a lot of gradient is included.
That means this included can be one time, included can be two time included can be time included can
be full time and zone eight.
If this is if it is included, then it can be used for any number of times.
Eight what this sees if it is included.
And.
If it is included once.
Once made and deterred.
I'll make it if it is included.
Multiple number of.
And we'll see what is the recursive approach that we are getting there.
If it is included ones, then what begins in places like like the previous case that.
Okay, I'm taking it once.
Tell me if the sum of X by minus x is possible or not.
And the third is.
If I can include it again, that means I'm including multiple number of times eight.
So here you might you all might be wondering that.
Okay, let me go slow now.
Let's see if I'm saying the if is included multiple number of times, eight, multiple number of time
in that.
Also, we can have many cases.
That means it is in single two times.
It is three times it is included four times or five times.
And so until late many times.
But in this case, what will be my records of relation?
It will be nothing but tell me if x minus one is possible, if I'm including the current number two
times.
So what is the sum here?
I'm here will return to.
Oh, by minus two in two weeks.
In this case, what will be the sum?
It is x minus one comma by minus three.
Index it because now I've enjoyed that number three times because it can come any number of.
Oh, yeah.
So if I want to generalize it, let's let me generalize it.
If I want to generalize, it would be like get let's then a loop or I equals to one and I will go on
for a like many times until the sum becomes zero.
And I simply say it in me.
Okay, let's.
I'm just running this loop for like I goes from one to it's going forever.
And what I simply say, I simply say, Tell me if you re meaning something that is x, y minus I do
x is possible or not.
So I went there and we did.
Y minus x is same as once.
Let's started from two.
So just remember one thing.
If I started from zero this loop, then it is just when I zero.
This is when I is, it goes to one and these are for when I go straight to end and 38.
But there's one thing that I don't want to do.
Of course, we can see now that the complexity of the solution has increased because now we have a we
are doing some work inside the.
DICKERSON We are using it actually using a four lumen thing to make it run it.
But there is another way of solving or another way of solving it.
Let's see that.
I hope this part is very clear of running a loop.
Rachel we will not run a loop because we want to optimize it further.
So what I'll do is I'll call it third hard problem.
I'll just say, tell me whether.
These some buying minus X.
It's possible from the current index.
Just think about it.
Just think about this.
Just pause the video for a minute and think about it.
What does this mean?
My area has not changed.
But my submission that means I know also I'm on the same index.
So if from x come over I call this, then it means that I'm on the same index.
X, but now a new sum is five minus X.
Eight.
That means.
I can again use the same state aid.
So in this also what will happen again?
It will return to three states as this above nation we have done it.
So now the new state is me.
Environment is saying this will be a F of if I if I do this, it will be f of x minus one comma y minus
x.
So I hope you're realizing this that instead of directly moving to x minus one.
By A-minus.
I can do it.
I'm just saying.
Tell me whether that sum is possible.
If the ads seem I've not seen the idea, but I've used that number, it means I can use the number any
number of times eight.
Similarly, what will happen?
This will again call the second part.
This part it is x minus one by minus three x minus x, right?
Because Y minus x was the sum.
And I'm also predicting minus the x here.
Well so this is nothing but y minus doing the x eight.
So.
I am leading this cleverly.
By formulating this hard.
Our dependency.
What we can do is we can actually remove dependency of the 48 because.
What we were doing is we were doing Y minus x, y minus two X by minus three eggs moment.
So just think about this.
Here it is.
If it's going away.
This will call F of X chromosome Y minus x.
Eight, which will eventually call this method incited hate, which is f of x comma, y minus four,
which is F of x minus one gunman y minus x.
Now this method will also call F of x, comma, y minus during the Higgs rect because in its sub problem
also the third cell problem will be c eight which is.
Why?
Minus X?
Because right now I'm on the X element only.
And this is recursion will also call F of X minus one comma y minus two x, because this is the first
problem.
I mean, this part of D.
This problem made the first sub problem of this problem is.
This F of x minus one comma, y minus two x eight.
So I'm taking time here, but I want you to understand this and this will be used later as well.
And it helps a lot in optimizing.
It is by minus three X because the environment is two weeks will also go by minus three x.
I called my ministry because that was the start of problems for this particular problem.
And again, my ministry expert also called because the first problem of my ministry will be X minus
one, comma, y minus.
Well.
So I hope you are saying of course I am not adding all the recursion.
Right.
This one thing which is still left.
I'm not writing it, but.
I hope you realize this.
Now, tell me one thing.
Is.
This.
The thing about this.
Is this a problem required anymore?
Question mark, is it required?
And these two solve problems.
Include the third problem here, which is by x0f of x minus one common a minus x.
Yes, they can.
How the.
Very, very simple.
Right?
Let's see.
I'm not calling it.
Eight.
So what does f of x?
Where do f of x y equals f of x comma y minus x is basically this which eventually calls F of x minus
one, comma, y minus x, which is this function.
And, you know, we added ending all of all these states.
So if any one of these states is true, I have to return true.
Therefore, I don't want.
Now, I don't want to use this particular call.
Right.
So you all must know that we always say about we always talk about optimal substructure.
So here is an example of optimal eight.
There are two substructures that we have.
Other use history which is excluding loved ones or include multiple number of times or.
Let's remove this substructure of include ones and because that is eventually handling include multiple
number of things.
I hope it's clear it.
How is it eventually handling England multiple number of times this week, including a number of times.
Now don't include so it is include ones will include multiple of number of times.
Don't include today's include two times in the number of times.
Don't include.
It is include.
Three times, so on.
So I don't want to for a loop.
I don't want to include once.
This is my rebuilding of structure and optimal sap.
Sorry.
Repeating.
The problems and optimal substructure.
This is optimal because now it has only two balls.
It is not having some redundant extra up.
But also I hope you'll realize a few more things about to GDP by this particular example, because this
is very important to not only interview provision you're stepping into, but of course that you will
be realizing something.
And.
In the next five days.
It's called this.